README.md, before:

# Glare

[![Deploy to now](https://deploy.now.sh/static/button.svg)](https://deploy.now.sh/?repo=https://github.com/Contextualist/glare)

A little service for you to **g**et **la**test **re**leases from GitHub gracefully. Simply make a get request to Glare with the repo name and release file name fragment, and she will lead you to the way.

### Demo
The following will redirect you to `https://github.com/xtaci/kcptun/releases/download/{latest_version_tag}/kcptun-linux-amd64-{latest_version_number}.tar.gz`, and download the latest release of kcptun for linux-amd64. 
```bash
curl -fLO https://glare.now.sh/xtaci/kcptun/linux-amd64
```

## Motivation
Sometimes when I'm writing a Dockerfile, I need to install packages from the their GitHub latest releases. A neat way is to parse JSON responses from GitHub API with [jq](https://stedolan.github.io/jq) and get the desire link. Such way requires downlaoding jq from GitHub (The binary from Alpine apk is lack of regex feature). Still, the expression with jq is not clear enough, and parsing JSON with sed is way more dirtier. So I spend a little time to write Glare. I hope she will save you a few minutes and from a frustring moment.

## Usage
```
/{owner}/{repo}/{file_name_regex}
```
`{file_name_regex}` is a regular expression to match the file (or specially, it can be `tar` or `zip` standing for the source code download in the respective format). It should match only one file among the latest release files, otherwise Glare will throw an error.

## Docker (legacy version)
See branch [`docker`](https://github.com/Contextualist/glare/tree/docker)

Commit message:

allow matching multiple files, return the shortest
An upstream bug makes it impossible to use `$` sign
as part of the regex. This tweak allows user to
match things like `release` over `release.checksum`
without using the `$` sign.

README.md, after:

# Glare

[![Deploy to now](https://deploy.now.sh/static/button.svg)](https://deploy.now.sh/?repo=https://github.com/Contextualist/glare)

A little service for you to **g**et **la**test **re**leases from GitHub gracefully. Simply make a get request to Glare with the repo name and release file name fragment, and she will lead you to the way.

### Demo
The following will redirect you to `https://github.com/xtaci/kcptun/releases/download/{latest_version_tag}/kcptun-linux-amd64-{latest_version_number}.tar.gz`, and download the latest release of kcptun for linux-amd64. 
```bash
curl -fLO https://glare.now.sh/xtaci/kcptun/linux-amd64
```

## Motivation
Sometimes when I'm writing a Dockerfile, I need to install packages from the their GitHub latest releases. A neat way is to parse JSON responses from GitHub API with [jq](https://stedolan.github.io/jq) and get the desire link. Such way requires downlaoding jq from GitHub (The binary from Alpine apk is lack of regex feature). Still, the expression with jq is not clear enough, and parsing JSON with sed is way more dirtier. So I spend a little time to write Glare. I hope she will save you a few minutes and from a frustring moment.

## Usage
```
/{owner}/{repo}/{file_name_regex}
```
`{file_name_regex}` is a regular expression to match the file (or specially, it can be `tar` or `zip` standing for the source code download in the respective format). It should match at least one file among the latest release files, otherwise Glare will throw an error. If multiple files are matched, Glare returns the one with shortest length.

## Known Issues

The Now.sh builder `python-wsgi` seems to be having problem with URL containing `$` sign.

## Docker (legacy version)
See branch [`docker`](https://github.com/Contextualist/glare/tree/docker)
